Update 02_headers.md (#39)
githubtraining/communicating-using-markdown: responses/02_headers.md

      ```
{% else %}
1. In this pull request, click the **Files changed** tab.

> 1. To edit the file titled `_includes/01-name.md`, click the **small pencil** ✏️ or select "Edit file" from the **meatballs ...** menu in the upper right corner of the file view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To edit the file titled `_includes/01-name.md`, click the **small pencil** ✏️ or select "Edit file" from the three dotted **...** menu in the upper right corner of the file view.
```
